---
published: true
layout: post
title: Huge list of music
category: misc
tags: music
published: false
---
In progress curated list of music I like.

*Hiromi Uehara*

bq. One of my favourite musicians.

* Old Castle, By the River, In the Middle of a Forest, "video":http://youtu.be/fbjJI7qK-UA
* Caravan, from album Hiromi's Sonicbloom. Can't find a youtube video
* Truth or lies, no youtube again, same album. "Spotify":http://open.spotify.com/track/2In0nCqGZawfpGjrpwRuYJ
* Return of kung-fu world champion, "video":http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x8b1w4_hiromi-uehara-return-of-kung-fu-wor_music
* Pachelbel's canon, "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKGwIjqdm3A
* Place to be, "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXY0gtkBCMs, "duet":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGy3E-2zzNM with Chick Corea
* Concierto de aranjuez with Chick Corea, "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5G4c3J-_0U
* Voice, from album 'Voice; The trio project', "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM8yxTBwzC0
* Labyrinth (I like the version in Voice more than the one from The stanley clarke band), "video(the stanley clarke band)":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUaBlUCuHnM

*Yann Tiersen*

bq. His music is very whimsical and 'resonates' with you.

* The whole soundtrack from the movie "Amélie":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amélie. About the only time I could recognize musician from a movie soundtrack. Youtube "playlist":https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9F02FF2DF1F2B0CA
* Live at eurock, "video":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coknmQgfYYY

*Diablo swing orchestra*

bq. metal, opera, swing jazz, tango, and spaghetti western; and good

* The whole of Butcher's Ballroom(their first album), is available for free on "Jamendo":http://www.jamendo.com/en/list/a49216/the-butcher-s-ballroom

* 2nd album 'Sing along songs for the damned and delirious'
** A tap dancer's dilemma "video":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osTu38yuuHo
** Lucy fears the morning star "video":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk_1yz0cETM
** Ricerca dell'anima "video":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DV1smqpjOb4
** Stratosphere serenade "video":https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vug69ZDqcKo

* 3rd album 'Pandora's Pinata'
** Guerrila Laments
** Kevlar Sweethearts
** Exit Strategy of a wrecking ball
** Aurora
** Honey trap aftermath
** Justice for saint mary(just for the amazing transition near the end, like in a few other songs by DSO)

*Aziza Mustafa Zadeh*

bq. Known as Jazziza

* Boomerang, "youtube":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWkbDjfosl0
* A.J.D., "youtube":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kb1kls73Hw this is with her azerbaijani singing

*Haggard*

bq. Symphonic metal + classical/old music

* Album 'Eppur si muove' ("Yet it moves" in italian, words of galileo; since this album is about science and religion)
** "Per aspera ad astra":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSFEv9eaoh4
** "Herr mannelig":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hdgb53QVaY
** "The observer":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDiyzyKY5n4
** "Eppur si muove":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cE4YRnjrM1Q

* Tales of itheria
** "Hijo de la luna":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_No9V1y0vI (cover of a classic spanish song)

*Opeth*

*Ann marie calhoun*

*Eluveitie*

*Aurelio Voltaire*

*Ayreon*

*Caravan Palace*


PS: This _feels_ better than a playlist
